what is the name of the song that goes
wah wah bla bla bla bla bla boy dun dun
dun dun dun you mean this song hey guys
welcome back to another episode of
reading YouTube comments I haven't done
one of these videos in a while and seems
like you guys enjoy them so yeah let's
get right into it
you look like a penguin with AIDS your
are as ecchi sec hey turya put out stuff
in the comments that you hate Zek music
for reason that is already explained by
Zek you stupid hater yes stupid haters I
actually hate sexy Zach like really
what's good about i mean his hair sucks
his voices he's annoying
he messes with people he's just kind of
a jerk you know do you agree I don't
really know I was doing those head jerks
the only thing keeping Zechs channel
alive is his trolling videos nothing
keeps your channel alive
sad war sorry just lied another comment
from the sad war video I just start it
all really made me cry and really I hate
you Zeki use X believe it or not a lot
of people actually call me Zeki Zechs
for some reason unsubscribe from him
he's an idiot I hate him his
commentaries are so boring
so as you probably know I did get a
haircut and I got it on January 1st and
here's one of the very nice comments
that I've someone left about my hair
your hair looks like obese Nicki Minaj
alright time for a photo comparison no I
I don't see any resemblance no I hate
this series make a survival not hardcore
you big babe get a life and shove that
little feet of yours into yours go kill
yourself boy that escalated quickly yeah
I stabbed a man in the heart I saw that
brick killed a guy and now a comment
from my first trolling video home
noticed he didn't disguise it said it
wasn't recognized he did D not D P and
now I'm gonna end this on a very very
happy comment your channel sucks I hate
the series quit it do more cha
boy that escalated quickly so that's
gonna do it for this video guys
hopefully you enjoyed it if you like
this series make sure you tell me down
in the comments so I know to continue it
so thank you guys watching if you
enjoyed this video please leave a thumbs
up and as always stay sexy see you guys